Workflows for Phishing Website Detection System


Workflow 1 - Website Authentication

Key Features:
1. Website URL input field
2. URL format validation
3. Website security & authenticity analysis
4. Overall authenticity score generation
5. Detailed analysis report display
6. Risk status indication (Safe / Suspicious / Unsafe)

Step by Step Description:
1. User enters website's home page
2. User enters Domain/URL of the website they want to authenticate in the search bar
3. User clicks on authenticate button
4. User receives an analysis report for the website they have entered


Workflow 2 - User Reviews

Features and functionalities:
1. User authentication
2. Input validation
3. Review storage
4. Rating system
5. Feedback messages

Step-by-step description:
1. User goes to the web application's Home Page.
2. User navigate to the Reviews tab.
3. User clicks on the "Post a Review" button.
4. User is prompted to sign in via email if they're not already logged in.
5. Website displays the Review posting form after successful user authentication.
6. User fills in the fields with the URL of the website they want to post a review  about, write their review, and enter a rating for that website.
7. User clicks on the Submit button.
8. Website stores the review in the database after successful validation.
9. System displays a success message: "Your review has been recorded.".


Workflow 3 - Search reviews of specific websites

Features and functionalities:
1. Search feature
2. Query processing
3. Search results display
4. Website's review page retrieval
5. Navigation and redirection

Step-by-step description:
1. User goes to the web application's Home Page.
2. User navigates to the Explore tab.
3. User enters URL or Keywords for the website they want to look up.
4. System gives back websites that best match the request.
5. User clicks on the website they want to check reviews for.
6. System redirects to a page displaying all reviews for that website.
